Anti-Free Product License Software v1 (AFPL.S1)             


Copyright 2023, Wesley Jones                                


All rights reserved.                                        


Permission is hereby granted to any party obtaining a copy  
of this Software and or associated files or data (the       
"Software") to use the Software, subject to the following   
conditions:                                                 
                                                            
1. The copyright holder reserves the right to amend this    
license at any time, and such amendments shall be effective 
immediately upon posting on the copyright holder's website. 
                                                            
2. The copyright holder may grant extra privileges to a     
party in writing and with a digital signature. Such         
privileges shall be in addition to, and not in place of, the
permissions granted under this license.                     
                                                            
3. The copyright holder reserves the right to revoke any and
all permission granted under this license, WITH OR WITHOUT  
CAUSE, to any party. Any such revocation shall be effective 
immediately upon notice to the affected parties.            
                                                            
4. The copyright holder retains EXCLUSIVE CONTROL over the  
Software and all works derived from it, including the source
code, and may use, modify, and distribute the Software and  
such works as they see fit.                                 
                                                            
5. No party is allowed to hack the Software without the     
prior written permission of the copyright holder. Hacking   
includes but is not limited to reverse engineering, FUZZING,
unnecessary unauthorized testing, and exploitation. Any     
party found to be in violation of this provision shall be   
subject to immediate revocation of any and all permission   
granted under this license, as well as any other legal      
action available to the copyright holder. This provision    
shall be in full force and effect for the duration of this  
license agreement.                                          
                                                            
6. This license does not grant any rights to any patents,   
trademarks, or other intellectual property rights associated
with the Software or any works derived from it.             
                                                            
7. If any third party sublicenses any component, source     
code, or other protected work, of the Software in a manner  
that would cause the Copyright Holder to lose control over  
the Software, such sublicense shall be void and of no force 
or effect, and the Copyright Holder shall retain ALL RIGHTS 
TO THE SOFTWARE. For example, if any party licenses the     
source code and incorporates it, in whole or in part, into  
another work that is licensed under a copyleft license, such
as the GNU General Public License (GPL), the sublicense of  
the source code shall be considered a material breach of    
this license. The Copyright Holder shall have the right to  
terminate the sublicense and take any other legal action    
available to them against any parties involved in the       
breach.                                                     
                                                            
8. If any provision of this license is held to be           
unenforceable, the parties agree that such provision shall  
be modified to the minimum extent necessary to make it      
enforceable, and the remaining provisions of this license   
shall remain in full force and effect. If any provision     
cannot be modified to make it enforceable, such provision   
shall be severed from this license, and the remaining       
provisions shall continue to be valid and enforceable to the
fullest extent permitted by law.                            
                                                            
9. If any amendment to this license is held to be           
unenforceable, the parties agree that such amendment shall  
be modified to the minimum extent necessary to make it      
enforceable, and the amended license shall remain in full   
force and effect. If any amendment cannot be modified to    
make it enforceable, such amendment shall be severed from   
this license, and the original license shall continue to be 
valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by    
law.                                                        
                                                            
10. Any loss or claim, including but not limited to those   
related to the Software's use, modification, distribution,  
sublicensing, potential discrimination, compliance, or loss 
to the public good, against the copyright holder or any     
related parties is void to the maximum extent permitted by  
applicable law. Such loss or claim shall not affect the     
validity or enforceability of any other license provision.  
                                                            
11. All Parties using the Software under this license shall 
not use the name of the Copyright Holder or any of its      
affiliates, or any of their employees or representatives, in
any advertising or promotional materials, or in any other   
way suggest or imply any endorsement or sponsorship of the  
Software or its use by the Copyright Holder or any of its   
affiliates, without the prior written consent of the        
Copyright Holder.                                           
                                                            
12. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS," WITHOUT WARRANTY OF   
ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO  
THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR 
PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE        
COPYRIGHT HOLDER BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES, OR OTHER 
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT, OR       
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE  
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.      


By using the Software, Licensee agrees to be bound by the   
terms and conditions of this license. If Licensee does not  
agree to the terms and conditions of this license, does not 
understand them, or does not read them, Licensee may not use
the Software.                                               
